---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hund_group Resource - terraform-provider-hund"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource representing a logical grouping of Components.
---

# hund_group (Resource)

Resource representing a logical grouping of Components.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "hund_group" "group" {
  name = "Terraform Group"
}

resource "hund_component" "components" {
  name        = "Terraform Component"
  description = "Created by Terraform"

  group = resource.hund_group.group.id

  watchdog = { service = { manual = {} } }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `collapsed` (Boolean) Whether or not this group is displayed collapsed by default on the status page.
- `description` (String) A description of this Group, potentially with markdown formatting, in the default translation.
- `description_translations` (Map of String) A description of this Group, potentially with markdown formatting, translated into multiple languages. Map keys express the language each string value is to be interpreted in. The `original` field of this map denotes the language used for the non-`_translations` version of this attribute.
- `name` (String) The name of this Group, in the default translation.
- `name_translations` (Map of String) The name of this Group, translated into multiple languages. Map keys express the language each string value is to be interpreted in. The `original` field of this map denotes the language used for the non-`_translations` version of this attribute.
- `position` (Number) An integer representing the position of this Group. Groups are displayed on the status page in ascending order according to this value.

### Read-Only

- `components` (List of String) A list of the Component IDs contained within this Group.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp at which this Group was created.
- `description_html` (String) An HTML rendering of the markdown-formatted `description`, in the default translation.
- `description_html_translations` (Map of String) An HTML rendering of the markdown-formatted `description`, translated into multiple languages. Map keys express the language each string value is to be interpreted in. The `original` field of this map denotes the language used for the non-`_translations` version of this attribute.
- `id` (String) The ObjectId of this Group.
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp at which this Group was last updated.
